hey guys what's up
this is Ethan your real-life fluency
coach in this week's lesson we have a
really great Christmas scene from
friends so what has happened is Monica
and Rachel have broken the heater in
their apartment it's extremely hot even
though it's Christmas time and the super
is refusing to fix the heater because he
cannot get apart for it now the super in
a building is a person who might do
maintenance or help tenants that is the
people who live in the building with any
other issues they might have and Ross
thinks that he won't fix it because
Monica actually tipped him with cookies
in the United States it might be typical
around Christmas time to tip your super
that is to provide them with some extra
money for doing a good job with their
work all year and you might expect money
not something like cookies for a tip
also Before we jump into the lesson we
have a special Christmas present for you
if you want to take your learning to the
next level with this lesson
going download right now the free pdf
power lesson which you will get by
entering your email a name you can print
it out like I have and we will also send
you our free three-part mini course
which I'll share you a preview of later
in this lesson but for now let's jump
into this hilarious scene from France
[Music]
hi welcome to our tropical Christmas
party you put your coats and sweaters
and pants and shirts in the bedroom it's
hard to tell because I'm sweating but I
use exactly what the gel bottle says and
a man about the size of a pea how can
that be too much squares anyone take a
napkin all right Monica Monica your
guests are turning into jerky okay
that's me comfortable
hey mr. treeger
you said there was a party oh yeah well
hey welcome to our sauna ah is it hot my
body always stays cool probably cuz I
have so much skin Hey
jeez
alright alright here's the chance Monica
give him the cash Rachel give him your
earrings it's something now anything no
I will not cave yeah I'm with Mon all
right all right you know how you say I
never seize the day
well alright even though he's your super
I'm seizing mr. treeger huh here is 50
bucks Merry Christmas
oh wow I didn't get you anything hey
it's fine back no no no that's that's
your Christmas tip all right oh hey do
you think there's a chance so you can
fix that radiator now uh uh no can do
like I told the girl I can't get a new
knob until Tuesday yeah looks like he's
playing baseball do you mean hardball
whatever what you gonna do excuse me I'm
Suzy mr. treeger
here's another 50 Happy Hanukkah
will uh will this help with the knob
getting no the place is not open till
Tuesday am I not saying it right so wait
you really did like my cookies oh yeah
it was so personal really showed you
cared
nice easing gel boy so uh is this a
mistletoe that is basil as it was
mistletoe I was gonna kiss you yeah no
it's still basil it's hard to tell
because I'm sweating but I use exactly
what the gel bottle says and a man about
the size of a pea it's hard to tell if
something is hard to tell you can't
predict something you can't distinguish
it or clearly see it for example it's
hard to tell who's going to win because
both are very good teams gel pee gel is
a solid jelly like material people put
in their hair roscas hairstyle requires
a lot of gel and in this case the amount
he uses is about the size of a pea take
a napkin napkin a piece of cloth or
paper used during a meal to clean your
mouth and hands while you're eating
Monica your guests are turning into
jerky okay turn into to become or
transform into something else for
example the rain turns into a storm
jerky
meat that has been cut into long strips
and dried comfortable that's be
comfortable hey hey buddy next
get in line to join and start waiting in
a line probably cuz I have so much skin
skin probably cuz I have so much skin it
give them cash Rachel give them your
earrings it give him the cash Rachel
give him your earrings cash money in the
form of coins or paper notes no I will
not Kate yeah I'm with month to cave in
to give up in an argument or to seed
under pressure for example a lot of
trainees came in before finishing the
hard training programs of the military
I'm with mom she's saying she agrees
with Mon short for Monica if you say
you're with someone it means that you
side with that person or agree with his
or her argument for example ma'am I'm
with Matt on this one learning English
with real life media is a great way to
learn all right you know how you say I
never seize the day well alright even
though he's you're super I'm seizing
seize to grab something that is of some
value in a quick way especially because
someone else might take it if you do not
hurt it is not always an object that you
can seize it can also be for example an
opportunity mr. treeger here is 50 bucks
Merry Christmas
bucks common informal word for dollar
that's your Christmas tip tip a small
present of money given directly to
someone for performing a service for
example in the United States it is
common to give your restaurant waiter a
15 to 20 percent tip no can do like I
told the girl I can't get a new knob
until Tuesday no can do
used to say you can't do whatever it is
that you're being asked to do but in a
more emphatic way knob the handle on a
door drawer etc or the round switch on a
piece of machinery or equipment in this
scene mr. treasurer the building super
needs a new knob to replace the broken
one on the radiator and in this way turn
off the heat because of this problem the
heat has been on for a while now and
that
why they're having a hot Christmas party
looks like he's playing baseball they
made hardball play hardball
to act with aggressiveness in order to
get what you want for example he's a
nice guy but you can play hardball
when he needs to the funny part about
this expression in the scene is that
Monaco confuses the word and says play
baseball mr. Traeger here's another 50
happy Hannukah Hannukah this is one of
the best known Jewish holidays many
non-jews think of this holiday as the
Jewish Christmas oh yeah
they were so personal really sure what
you cared oh yeah they were so personal
really showed you care this joke here is
based on the belief that giving money as
a present is it that ideal because it
may show you were too lazy to think of a
better gift option which is what Roth's
just did but mr. Treacher seems more
pleased by Monica's gift which were the
cookies so is this a mistletoe if it was
mistletoe I was gonna kiss you
mistletoe is a plant used for decoration
at Christmas it's also in the center of
the Christmas tradition that says that a
man and a woman should kiss if they find
themselves under hanging mistletoe
native pronunciation tip as you've
noticed by now natives don't speak like
robots
we cut connect and blend our words in a
way that is much different from what you
probably learned in school understanding
and even being able to imitate these
sounds is super important for being a
real-life fluency ninja today we're
going to focus on an extremely common
native speech pattern that happens
repeatedly in the scene when a word
ending with a T is followed by a pronoun
starting with a why they often blend
into each other and form a sound a very
common example of this is dot u which
becomes got you like gotcha
meaning I understand meet you which
becomes meet you like nice to meet you
we even have a few example
the scene you put your coats and
sweaters your coats sweaters you put
your coats and sweaters I didn't get you
anything get you anything I didn't get
you anything
the final example is a bit more
complicated but a really excellent and
useful native speech pattern what you
gonna do what you what you gonna do in
conversational English just like Rachel
on the scene knit is often reduce and
blend the constructions what are you
what have you and even what do you by
removing the middle verb to what gel for
example what are you going to do becomes
what you're gonna do what have you been
doing becomes what you've been doing
what do you want to do becomes what you
want to do now is promised let's take a
look at our free three-part mini course
with the funniest scene ever from
friends let it roll so isn't it a bit
cold out for shorts well I'm from
California
right right sometimes you guys just
burst into flame
[Applause]
oh I'm up I ain't gotten up
now anybody want anything you can
continue watching this hilarious scene
and learn English without subtitles and
without getting lost or bored with our
free three-part course master real
English with a special present the PDF
power lesson and a vocabulary
memorization file plus get weekly
dynamic fluency lessons click on the box
at the top right corner and join
thousands of learners around the world
who are making learning a fun part of
their life welcome to our tropical
Christmas party you put your coats and
sweaters and pants and shirts in the
bedroom
it's hard to tell because I'm sweating
but I use exactly what the gel bottle
says an amount about the size of a pea
how can that be too much squares anyone
take a napkin all right Monica Monica
your guests are turning into jerky
okay that's comfortable mr. treeger
hey you said there was a party oh yeah
well hey welcome to our sauna ah is it
hot my body always stays cool probably
cuz I have so much skin Hey jeez
alright alright here's the chance Monica
give them cash Rachel give him your
earrings it's something now anything no
I will not cave yeah I'm with Mon all
right all right you know how you say I
never seize the day
well alright even though he's your super
I'm seizing mr. treeger huh here is 50
bucks Merry Christmas
oh wow I didn't get you anything hey
it's fine back no no no that's that's
your Christmas tip all right oh hey do
you think there's a chance so you can
fix that radiator now uh uh no can do
like I told the girl I can't get a new
knob until Tuesday
yeah looks like he's playing baseball
you mean hardball whatever what you
gonna do excuse me I'm seizing mr.
Trager here's another fifty Happy
Hanukkah will uh will this help with the
knob getting no the place is not open
till Tuesday am I not saying it right so
wait you really did like my cookies oh
yeah it was so personal really she won't
you cared
nice easing gel boy so uh is this a
mistletoe that is basil
ah as it was mistletoe I was gonna kiss
you yeah no it's still basil oh yeah
thank you so much for taking the time to
learn with us today I hope that you've
had a lot of fun don't stop keep it
going by getting your Christmas present
which you can download for free right
now by clicking the box right here you
can print it out just like I have and
remember you can get free lessons to
your inbox every week click here to
subscribe and then also if you're not
ready to stop then why not watch another
lesson right now by clicking here now go
out there and kick ass with your English
happy holidays